c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.exe
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.pdb
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Utilities.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Uc.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.xml
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.xml
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\en-us\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.g.resources
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.exe
c:\users\samarth_shah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Samarth_Shah\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\ApplicationSwitch.exe
C:\Users\Samarth_Shah\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\bin\Debug\ApplicationSwitch.pdb
C:\Users\Samarth_Shah\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AutoReplyWPF\AutoReplyWPF\obj\Debug\AutoReplyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
